document new TLS connection failure logging (#1578)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/reference/downstream-mtls-settings.mdx

   This mode also adds a requirement that any configured [**CRL**](#crl) is valid only between its `thisUpdate` and `nextUpdate` timestamps. _If an invalid CRL is provided for a certain CA, no certificates issued by that CA will be allowed._

>    Selecting this mode will also enable TLS connection failure logging. Any connection attempt that fails during the TLS handshake will be logged by the proxy service with the message `"listener connection failure"`. The log entry will include the client IP address, server hostname, and client certificate info (if a client certificate was presented). This allows you to monitor rejected connections. (Otherwise, when a connection is rejected due to mTLS requirements, the client would never have the opportunity to make any requests, and so there would be no entries in the [access log](/docs/reference/access-log-fields#access-log-behavior) or [authorize log](/docs/capabilities/audit-logs).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Selecting this mode will also enable TLS connection failure logging. Any connection attempt that fails during the TLS handshake will be logged by the proxy service with the message `"listener connection failure"`. The log entry will include the client IP address, server hostname, and client certificate info (if a client certificate was presented) so you can monitor rejected connections. (Otherwise, when a connection is rejected due to mTLS requirements, the client would never have the opportunity to make any requests, and so there would be no entries in the [access log](/docs/reference/access-log-fields#access-log-behavior) or [authorize log](/docs/capabilities/audit-logs).)
```

Reviewer: @kenjenkins should we link to the authorize log reference setting page at https://www.pomerium.com/docs/reference/authorize-log-fields instead of the Audit Logs page?

Reviewer: I also think we could reformat lines 171-175 so that it lists requirements and behavior changes in a bullet point list, like:
```
   Note that this mode:
    - Requires client certificates even for internal Pomerium routes, such as the authenticate URL (if using the self- hosted authenticate service) and the /.pomerium/ page (the page showing details of a user's current login session). In particular, any upstream services that perform [JWT verification](/docs/capabilities/getting-users-identity) will not be able to access the default [JWKS endpoint](/docs/reference/signing-key#how-to-use-signing-key). You may need to host your own JWKS endpoint, or provide some other means of distributing the JWT verification key(s).

    - Adds a requirement that any configured [**CRL**](#crl) is valid only between its `thisUpdate` and `nextUpdate` timestamps. _If an invalid CRL is provided for a certain CA, no certificates issued by that CA will be allowed._

    - Enables TLS connection failure logging. Any connection attempt that fails during the TLS handshake will be logged by the proxy service with the message `"listener connection failure"`. The log entry will include the client IP address, server hostname, and client certificate info (if a client certificate was presented) so you can monitor rejected connections. (Otherwise, when a connection is rejected due to mTLS requirements, the client would never have the opportunity to make any requests, and so there would be no entries in the [access log](/docs/reference/access-log-fields#access-log-behavior) or [authorize log](/docs/capabilities/audit-logs).)
```

Author: Sure, sounds good.

>    Selecting this mode will also enable TLS connection failure logging. Any connection attempt that fails during the TLS handshake will be logged by the proxy service with the message `"listener connection failure"`. The log entry will include the client IP address, server hostname, and client certificate info (if a client certificate was presented). This allows you to monitor rejected connections. (Otherwise, when a connection is rejected due to mTLS requirements, the client would never have the opportunity to make any requests, and so there would be no entries in the [access log](/docs/reference/access-log-fields#access-log-behavior) or [authorize log](/docs/capabilities/audit-logs).)

Reviewer: @kenjenkins should we link to the authorize log reference setting page at https://www.pomerium.com/docs/reference/authorize-log-fields instead of the Audit Logs page?
```suggestion
   Selecting this mode will also enable TLS connection failure logging. Any connection attempt that fails during the TLS handshake will be logged by the proxy service with the message `"listener connection failure"`. The log entry will include the client IP address, server hostname, and client certificate info (if a client certificate was presented). This allows you to monitor rejected connections. (Otherwise, when a connection is rejected due to mTLS requirements, the client would never have the opportunity to make any requests, and so there would be no entries in the [access log](/docs/reference/access-log-fields#access-log-behavior) or [authorize log](/docs/reference/authorize-log-fields instead of the Audit Logs page?).)
```

Author: I was thinking the opposite actually — I was hoping we could link to a capabilities page for both of these, but I didn't see one for access logging, only the one for authorization logging.

Reviewer: OK. That makes sense. Do you think we need a capabilities page for access logging? If so, happy to add this as a discussion item in next week's docs sync.

Author: I think this would make sense — or maybe this could be combined with the other information on the existing "Audit Logs" page. I can file an issue to track this idea.
